SERGEY KUDELIN(1)                 growth engineer                 SERGEY KUDELIN(1)

NAME
    Sergey Kudelin - Growth Engineer, Miami, FL
    sergey@sergeykudelin.com · sergeykudelin.com · github.com/Seryozh
    linkedin.com/in/sergeykudelin

SYNOPSIS
    sergey [--summary] [--experience] [--projects] [--stack] [--contact]

DESCRIPTION
    I work on growth at early-stage startups, usually as the only person doing
    it. At my last two companies that meant building the prospect database, the
    outbound system, the reporting behind both, and a generator that produced a
    separate landing page per target company out of that company's own published
    data. I build with AI agents and always have, and Claude Code is most of how
    I work day to day. Before startups I built a Roblox YouTube channel to
    around 200K subscribers, which is probably why I still care how a page reads
    to the person on the other side of it.

EXPERIENCE
    Growth and Operations Consultant · Fyxed · Jun-Aug 2026 · Miami
        Fyxed is a very early-stage fintech for residential property managers, a
        sister company to APM Help. I was the only person on the business side,
        hired for three months while the company was still deciding between two
        product shapes, on-time rent and repair financing.

        * Built fyxed.com, including the owner benefit package
          (fyxed.com/owner-benefit-package), where the office charges owners for
          the on-time payout instead of paying for it themselves.
        * Built the outbound side of the business by myself: a self-hosted CRM
          holding 3,749 companies and 646 outreach threads, the campaigns
          running on top of it, and the reporting behind both.
        * Ran 20 campaigns across 517 property management firms with zero ad
          budget. Warm prospects replied at 40% (16 of 40), cold at 2% (7 of 350).
        * Every email in those campaigns was written for one specific firm:
          agents researched it and drafted from its site, and I approved each
          send. I logged interviews and replies in writing, and the company used
          that log to decide which product to pursue.
        * Wrote a page generator that builds a separate brief for each firm out
          of that firm's own published fee schedule and door count, off a
          dataset of 269 firms.

    GTM Engineer · FutureClinic (Y Combinator F24) · Mar-May 2026 · Miami
        FutureClinic is a telehealth startup where any doctor can launch a
        chat-based digital clinic. I built its GTM engine end to end, directly
        with the founder.

        * FC Outreach: generated a 15% reply rate on cold outreach by building
          the engine that finds doctor-creators across YouTube and Instagram,
          verifies each against the federal NPI registry, and sends every one a
          personalized landing page and founder video. Run by Nikola, an
          autonomous agent I built on Modal with the Claude Agent SDK.
        * FC Creators: a 6-stage pipeline that learns a doctor's voice and
          drafts ready-to-record videos, human in the loop throughout. Next.js,
          Supabase and Docker workers, orchestrating Claude Opus and Sonnet,
          FAL, Supadata and Apify. Live and in use at futurecliniccreators.com.

        "Phenomenal work, the kind of product I was genuinely excited to use
        myself. I recommend Sergey without reservation."
        (Dr. Usama Syed, Founder, FutureClinic, YC F24)

    Web & SEO Automation · Gray & Sons · Summer 2025 · Miami
        * Assisted with AI content-generation and lead-enrichment workflows, and
          worked on sellusyourjewelry.com, the company's high-end watch buying
          site.
        * Set up Meta Pixel and conversion tracking, and ran A/B tests on
          landing pages.

PROJECTS
    Lux         Autonomous coding agent, shipped through my YouTube channel to
                5,000+ installs. It was the culmination of my YouTube journey
                and the point where I began working with AI professionally,
                which led to FutureClinic. youtube.com/@SergeCode
    DermHunter  AI doctor-discovery pipeline, built solo in two nights as a demo
                for FutureClinic. I proposed heavy marketing toward medical
                content creators, and they hired me to ship it as a production
                system.
    AI          Starting with the Fyxed contract, I document every business
    Harnesses   process and meeting and build them into an AI brain my agents
                work from. The reusable skills are public at
                github.com/Seryozh/agent-skills. I consider it my biggest
                differentiating factor.

STACK
    TypeScript · Next.js · React · Node · Python · SQL · Postgres · Supabase ·
    Claude Code · Claude Agent SDK · Opus/Sonnet · Modal · FastAPI · Playwright ·
    Vercel · Apify · Exa

EDUCATION
    Computer Science · Florida International University

SEE ALSO
    sergeykudelin.com/resume.pdf (one page), sergeykudelin.com/skill (SKILL.md)

Miami, FL                          2026                          SERGEY KUDELIN(1)
